capital = 409
primary_culture = north_german
culture = french
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.55
civilized = yes

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = low_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = ANH_conservative_2
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 28
	conservative = 59
	reactionary = 13
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

## Western

# Technologies
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
clipper_design = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 0
the_command_principle = 0
no_standard = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
publishing_industry = 0

#Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1
